[DOC] Add agentic memory retention policy documentation (#12825)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/agentic-memory-apis/create-memory-container.md

Configuration | Indexes created | Capabilities
:--- | :--- | :---
No `configuration` or no `strategies` | Working memory + session (unless `disable_session` is `true`) | Raw message storage and retrieval. No semantic search, no long-term memory, no fact extraction.
With `strategies` (requires `llm_id`, `embedding_model_id`, and `embedding_model_type`) | Working memory + session + long-term memory + history (unless `disable_session` is `true`) | Semantic search, fact extraction, memory consolidation (ADD/UPDATE/DELETE decisions), and an audit trail of all long-term memory changes.

Each index type serves a specific purpose:

- **Working memory**: Stores raw messages as they are received. Always created.

> - **Session**: Tracks conversation sessions and their metadata. Created by default; set `disable_session` to `true` to opt out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Session**: Tracks conversation sessions and their metadata. Created by default. To disable session tracking, set `disable_session` to `true`.
```
